(Ai)
Previously
on "Yu-Gi-Oh! VRAINS"...
Do you think Playmaker
can defeat Varis?
You better hope so
if you ever want to see
your sister up
and about again.
So Playmaker,
remember that if I win
I gain control of your A.I.
Playmaker,
glitch this guy.
(Varis)
You programs...
In fact,
this whole network world...
is an illusion that will lead
to the end of humanity.
And my mission is to stop that!
People have to wake up
before it's too late!
I will destroy the Ignis
to save the world.
And if that means
destroying you as well...
so be it.
Let's Speed Duel!
I'm going in
for a closer look.
Please keep me
apprised.
It's Ghost Gal's camera!
Why's she tailing 'em?
Take out his Decode Talker!
Malicious Mayhem!
(grunting)
Phew!
We're still alive.
Be gone and never return!
♪♪♪
No!
It can't end like this!
Playmaker's done for!
It's not over, Varis!
I activate my trap!
Link Restart stops your Bomber
Dragon's special ability!
So your blast fizzles out!
Then I can banish
this trap card
to summon a Link Monster
from my graveyard!
Return to the battlefield,
Decode Talker!
Well now...
I theoretically should be
impressed that you found a way
to survive this turn,
Playmaker,
but if you were
truly any good,
you shouldn't be losing
to begin with.
All you've done
is delay your demise,
and Dragonoid Generator
will guarantee it!
This spell summons
another Dragonoid Token
onto your field.
Which you will then use
against me to deal damage.
It's my turn!
I draw!
Get your act together,
Playmaker!
If I had sweat glands, I'd be
swamped waist-deep in AI juice!
That's gross.
Not as gross
as your moves!
Face the facts,
you're backed into a corner,
but you still got a way out!
By using my Skill?
Exactly!
But even that might not be
enough unless I can muster
the strength to create
the biggest Data Storm
to blow through Link Vrains
in generations!
So I need to hope
that you'll come through?
Not good.
Ugh.
Well, I do better than hope.
I calculate!
Cyberse, generate
new data material!
Please, you must win this duel
and save my sister.
This is so perfect.
The fool is playing
right into my hands.
He thinks he's helping himself,
but he's actually helping me.
(Kogami)
Good. Very good, Varis.
It's time to execute the next
phase of our plan.
Take this duel
to a whole new level.
There's the signal.
Let's do this, Playmaker!
Drown him in data before
the data drowns you!
I use my Skill!
When I have less than
a thousand life points,
I can draw a new Link Monster
out of the Data Storm!
And I've created
a whopper of wind!
If you don't get a powerful
monster, that's on you, not me!
(growling)
Seize the wind, Playmaker!
Go, Storm Access!
I'm surprised
you didn't wipe out.
Nope!
But we'll wipe you out!
Here I go!
Create the ultimate circuit!
You may have retrieved
a Link Monster,
but it's useless
if you can't summon it.
I activate the trap
Remote Rebirth!
What?
Aww, glitchety, glitch,
glitch, glitch!
(Varis)
This card allows me to resurrect
a monster from your graveyard
and summon it next to Topologic
Bomber Dragon's link arrow!
No way!
I resurrect Capacitor Stalker!
But why?
You know what this means?
Of course I do.
Why wouldn't I?
I'm the one who actually made
the move, Playmaker.
By bringing back your monster,
I've triggered Topologic Bomber
Dragon's special ability
allowing me to destroy
all three of your monsters!
(roaring)
And by destroying your Capacitor
Stalker again, Playmaker,
we both take 800 points of
damage to our life points.
This duel ends in a tie?
Oh, it's far from the end.
In fact, this duel is
only getting started!
What's going on?
I've intensified the strength
of the Data Storm.
So you're using
the Data Storm against me?
Yes, precisely.
A Speed Duel isn't enough
to settle our differences.
We need more.
Much more!
(laughs menacingly)
(Kolter)
Yusaku!
Ahh...
(laughs menacingly)
What's the status,
Ghost Gal?
The storm
swallowed 'em up!
(Zaizen)
You have to Get in there
and save Playmaker!
You crazy?
I don't know
if I can save myself!
Ugh...
Sorry, Skye.
I failed you.
(Bishop)
This cannot be happening!
Since when did
the Knights of Hanoi
learn to control the Data Storm?
Only one man
could've done this.
But that would be
impossible.
(screaming)
(Playmaker)
We're in the eye of the storm.
It's quiet here.
(Ai)
Yeah, too quiet,
as the expression goes,
according to my dictionary
of colloquialisms!
That's a mouthful.
And the definition says that
something bad's gonna happen
because something bad
always happens!
You're right.
Found you, Varis!
Well, I wasn't hiding.
Now we can continue our fight
away from prying eyes.
Speed Dueling is done.
It's time to Master Duel.
Really?
A Master Duel?
As you know, the Monster,
Spell and Trap Zones
expand from three to five.
So Link Monsters will now
have more opportunities
to connect
with other monsters,
allowing them to strengthen
their abilities,
so you'll find out what
they're truly capable of.
Well, then...
are we going to talk or duel?
Huh?
What's that card?
One that I am sure must be
useful in a Master Duel.
He's stacking the deck!
It's like he's been planning
to duel like this all along!
Are you ready?
Let's duel!
The winds are too strong!
I can't get in!
Well, bud, hope you're
doin' okay in there.
I will make the first move.
Ah, good.
I activate Fire Prison.
Now I have you trapped in here
with me and there's no escape.
Furthermore,
the spell card Fire Prison
raises the defense points
of all dragons
that are on the field by 300.
Plus, only our Link Monsters
are allowed
to attack inside these bars.
But you won't even be able
to summon a Link Monster
unless it's at least
tied for the most Link Arrows
out of every monster
on the field.
Big deal! If we destroy that
spell, it's smooth sailin'!
That's where you're wrong.
Fire Prison can't be destroyed
by any of your cards!
So it's invincible?
That means we gotta summon our
Link Monster before he does.
We shouldn't have
let him go first!
Stupid 20/20 hindsight!
Somehow I sense this is
the least of the problems
we will face.
I summon Sniffer Dragon
from my hand.
(roars)
And with Sniffer Dragon's
special ability,
I'm allowed to draw a second
Sniffer Dragon from my deck
and add it to my hand.
And believe me,
it'll come in handy.
But for now, I activate
the spell Quick Launch!
It summons a Rokket monster
from my deck.
So I bring my Magnarokket
Dragon to the field!
This looks like bad news,
Playmaker!
Knowing Varis,
it's bound to get even worse.
Now watch as I manifest
my circuit!
Authorizing Link Arrows!
I require two Level 4 or lower
Dragons in order to Link Summon.
So I shall use my Sniffer Dragon
and my Magnarokket Dragon!
(growls)
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon Link 2 Twin
Triangle Dragon!
And that's not all.
I summon Linkbelt Wall Dragon
in defense!
But how so?
By taking advantage
of every single move I make.
When I Link Summon a Dragon,
I can also automatically summon
Linkbelt Wall Dragon.
And I shall make it even harder
for you to Link Summon
by putting two Wall Counters
on Linkbelt.
Now neither of us
can summon a Link Monster
if its Link is greater than
the number of Wall Counters.
So you can forget
about summoning
your most powerful ones!
And that's not all!
My Field Spell Fire Prison
gives Linkbelt
300 extra defense points!
He gave it more
defense points.
Uh, care to share
with your partner?
I didn't expect Varis
to be focusing
more on defense than offense.
I'd be scared to attack too if
I was getting your stink eye.
(Playmaker, thinking)
What's he planning?
You're up, Playmaker.
Show me what you got!
Oh, I will!
I draw!
Before you make your move,
Linkbelt Wall Dragon gains
a Wall Counter
during each of our turns!
Ugh, he already has
his Link Monster,
but he capped us so that we can
only summon a Link 2 or 3!
Think you can thread
this needle?
Because if you don't,
he's gonna sew up a victory
and I find that simply
unacceptable
to my high standards.
Fine then. Will summoning
this card meet your standards?
Ooh, Linkslayer!
This is more than acceptable,
Playmaker!
I knew you could do it!
And it's all thanks
to my pep talk!
Linkslayer! Attack and destroy
Twin Triangle Dragon!
It can't.
Due to Linkbelt Wall Dragon's
special ability,
only Link Monsters can attack.
Wh-- What?
I mean, I knew that.
T-T-Then instead use
Linkslayer's special ability!
Can't.
Fire Prison blocks that, too
Wh-- What?
I mean, I knew that, too.
But here comes something that
I'm actually allowed to do.
I can automatically summon
Backup Secretary
when I have a Cyberse
monster on my field.
And then,
I summon Stack Reviver!
I can now create my circuit!
Link Arrows authorized!
The summoning conditions are
at least two Cyberse monsters.
And now, I'm going to set
my Backup Secretary,
Linkslayer and Stack Reviver
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 3, Encode Talker!
My, my,
how impressive.
My Stack Reviver's ability
now activates!
Since I used it
to Link Summon,
it lets me resurrect a Cyberse
monster from my graveyard!
Coming back is
my Backup Secretary!
Encode Talker!
Attack and destroy Varis's
Twin Triangle Dragon!
That's not going
to happen.
Why?
Because Linkbelt Wall Dragon
won't let it!
When it's on the field,
it's the only monster
your Link Monsters
are allowed to attack!
Very well then.
Since I took damage,
I'm now allowed to summon
Interrupt Resistor.
This Cyberse monster
gains attack points
equal to the damage
that I just took.
You mean
a mere 100 points?
You're not foolish enough
to actually attack me
with that, are you?
Uh, no!
That's why it's in defense
mode for 2,100 points!
See, Playmaker may not be
the brightest bulb in the lamp,
but he has me to shed
the light!
So listen up, partner!
Play that card on your left!
I was going to anyway.
I activate the spell
Cyberse Cache!
Since my Cyberse
attack points changed,
I get to draw two cards
from my deck!
And two extra cards
means an infinite
number of new options!
Hmph.
Good for you.
I place one card facedown...
and end my turn.
(Varis)
Even with your so-called
limitless options,
you still couldn't get past
my Linkbelt Wall Dragon.
That's true,
at least for now.
But you do not know what
the future holds, Varis.
It's my turn!
I draw!
My Linkbelt will now gain
another counter!
And I summon another Dragon!
Come out!
Autorokket Dragon!
Now, I manifest
my circuit again!
Aww, glitch!
He's Link Summoning again!
But this time,
he can summon a Link 4 monster!
A Link 4.
That can only mean one thing!
Yeah, the ace monster
in his deck,
Topologic Bomber Dragon!
Authorizing Link Arrows!
The summoning conditions
required
are at least two monsters.
I will now set my Twin Triangle
Dragon and my Autorokket Dragon
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 3 Triple Burst Dragon!
Now Linkbelt Wall Dragon's
special ability activates.
Since I summoned a monster
whose Link is less than 4,
I'm required to remove
two Wall Counters
from Linkbelt Wall Dragon.
I don't know why he summoned
his weaker Triple Burst
instead of
Topologic Bomber Dragon,
but either way,
Encode Talker's toast!
Triple Burst Dragon, unleash
your wave of destruction
on Playmaker's monster!
Take aim and fire
at Backup Secretary!
He's not attacking
Encode Talker?
You've just made
an unwise choice, Varis.
Since Encode Talker is linked
to Backup Secretary,
not only does
she avoid destruction,
but I also don't take
any damage.
This mistake will cost you.
You're wrong.
I don't even know
the concept of making mistakes.
When my Triple Burst Dragon
battles your monster,
it completely shuts down your
Encode Talker's special ability.
Well we have tricks
up our sleeve, too!
I activate Interrupt Resistor's
special ability instead!
Backup Secretary's
defense points
become the same as Resistor's,
and she can't be destroyed
in battle!
So? Even if your Backup
Secretary is in defense mode,
Triple Burst Dragon's
ability allows it
to still deal you damage!
And with that, I end my turn.
So your Backup Secretary's
defense points
drop down to 800.
He dealt you a wee bit
of damage,
but it would have been worse
if he made better moves.
I'm not so sure
about that, Ai.
My gut says
we're overlooking something.
Maybe he actually is
executing a strategy,
just not one we expected.
Well, did you forget that
it's your turn, Playmaker?
No, I didn't!
I draw!
That triggers Linkbelt
Wall Dragon's ability!
It gains another Wall Counter!
You know, it'd be nice
if you get rid of that dragon.
Just a pro tip.
I know.
Trust me,
I'm working on it.
First, I summon Balancer Lord!
And with it, I can Link Summon!
Link Arrows authorized!
I set Balancer Lord,
Interrupt Resistor,
and Backup Secretary
in the Link Arrows!
Link the circuit!
And now, I Link Summon again!
Link 3 Decode Talker!
Decode Talker gains
500 attack points
for every monster
that it's linked to!
Power Integration!
See that, Varis?
Decode Talker's gonna
decimate your dragon!
Are you sure?
I'm always two steps
ahead of you.
I activate the effect of
my Field Spell, Fire Prison!
What is this?
All Cyberses on your field,
and in your graveyard
and hand
lose their special abilities
and can no longer attack!
In addition,
they can't be attacked
nor targeted by effects.
It's as if they don't
exist at all.
They're all disintegrating!
Not... just them.
I-I don't feel so good.
I'm-- I'm feeling
all glitchy...
g-g-glitchy...
(distorted slurring)
Ai!
Cyberse, be gone!
Ai...